# 1. Introduce Yourself
Video Bio: https://vimeo.com/809617729

My name is James Huang and I graduated in December 2020 with a B.E. in Civil Engineering at the Grove School of Engineering at City College of New York. Although my degree is in Civil Engineering, I have always had an interest in computer science and web development. I took C++ and Matlab courses in college, but it wasn't until recently that I decided to pursue a career in the tech industry. As I gradually dove deeper into web development (ReactJS, ExpressJS, NodeJS, MongoDB, PostGreSQL), I realized how much I enjoyed coding and how fulfilling it is to create something from scratch. I am currently a part of OSLabs Beta, a nonprofit tech accelerator devoted to furthering high-impact open source software within a collaborative community of dedicated engineers and mentors. I am currently developing a developer tool that visualizes GraphQL query response structures and highlights errors within the response. I am also currently enrolled in an Advanced Software Engineering Immersive Program which is due to end at the beginning of June, which leads me to why I am very interested in IGN's Code Foo Program as it starts in mid June! 

As someone who grew up playing Pokemon Fire Red, IGN has been a constant presence in my life. I remember vividly of the times that I would look up walk through's on the IGN website to see how to catch MewTwo and the legendary Beasts. This was actually the inspiration behind my Poke Poll application which I've used for my internship application because I wanted to give back to the community that has helped me so much. In my application, users are able to create an account, log in and vote for their favorite Generation 1 Pokemon. I wanted to embody my application with my love for Pokemon and the nostalgia it brings me through my React Pokemon Card Components that resemble the original Pokemon Cards. I hope that you enjoy using my application as much as I enjoyed making it!

I would love to intern for IGN as I have a passion for games, old and new, and appreciate the value IGN offers to the entertainment community. I believe that my fullstack experience and enthusiasm for entertainment make me a strong candidate for the program. Thank you for considering my application.


# 2. Hisui's New Power Plant
First, I want to understand my list of given information. Currently, we are given the height (1'08") and weight (22.8lbs) of a Voltorb. This is not enough information for me to calculate the amount of Voltorbs needed to fully power Jubilife Village. This means that I will need to obtain certain information in order to solve this problem.

Second, I will need to find out how much power does Jubilife Village need. This can be dependent on how many buildings or households in the village. According to the Hisui Region map that IGN provides (https://www.ign.com/maps/pokemon-legends-arceus/hisui-region), Jubilife Village currently holds 21 average sized buildings which includes smaller commercial shops and residential structures. There are two larger structures in Jubilife Village, the Galaxy Hall and the Training Ground Building which will be considered as two average sized buildings each. This will result in our total buildings in the village to be approximately 25 average sized buildings. According to Forbes (https://www.forbes.com/home-improvement/home/how-many-watts-run-house/) and the U.S. Energy Information Administration (EIA), the average amount of electricity an American home uses annually is around 10,715 kilowatt-hours (kWh). This means that Jubilife Village will need approximately 267,875 kilowatt-hours (kWh) to be fully powered for the year. 
[] Jubilife Village needs approximately 267,875 kilowatt-hours (kWh) annually.

Third, I will need to find out the minimum power a Voltorb is able to produce. With this information, I can divide the 'power that is needed by the Village' by the 'minimum power a Voltorb is able to produce' to get the amount of Voltorbs needed to fully power the village. The Hisuian Voltorb is an electric/grass type pokemon that is capable of using the move 'Thunderbolt'. According to an online source, TTD (https://ttd.gov/lightning-is-powerful/#:~:text=How%20much%20energy%20is%20in,kilowatt%2Dhours%20of%20energy), an average lightning bolt produces around 250 kilowatt-hours (kWh). In Pokemon Legends: Arceus, the move 'Thunderbolt' has 10 PP. Let's assume a single Voltorb is only able to use the move 'Thunderbolt' to produce a lightning bolt 10 times in its' life span before it retires and is unable to use the move. This would mean a single Voltorb can produce up to 250 kilowatt-hours (kWh) per thunderbolt or 2,500 kilowatt-hours (kWh) in its' lifetime. 
[] A single Voltorb is able to produce 2,500 kilowatt-hours (kWh) in its' lifetime.

Fourth, if we divide 267,875 kilowatt-hours (the amount of kWh that Jubilife Village needs annually) by 2,500 kilowatt-hours (the amount of kWh a single Voltorb can produce), it would take approximately 108 Voltorbs to fully power Jubilife Village for the year. 
[] Answer: 108 Voltorbs for the year.

Additionally, with every blunt force solution, there lies a more efficient one. Instead of catching so many Voltorbs, it is also worth considering to instead catch a single Zapdos, as it produces more electricity than a Voltorb.  

# 3. Coding Sample
App located in https://github.com/JamesJunJieHuang/Poke-Poll.
